DOCSP-33948: Atomic typos and cleanup (#829)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/upsert.txt

--------

If your application stores and modifies data in MongoDB, you probably use

> insert and update operations. In certain workflows, you may want to perform

Reviewer: I: [might/may](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#std-term-may:~:text=than%20matrices.-,may,-Use%20may%20to)

```suggestion
insert and update operations. In certain workflows, you might want to perform
```

> insert and update operations. In certain workflows, you may want to perform
> an insert or update operation depending on whether the document exists.

Reviewer: S: clarity

```suggestion
insert and update operations. In certain workflows, whether you perform
an insert or update operation depends on whether the document exists.
```
